[Music]
very good hearts how are you
I hope you're enjoying the day
well incredible I love it I have to
applaud and even with my
ears because you know how much I like
Federico Jimenez Losantos and today he
came back let's see I could say it in
a very broad way but I'm not going to say it
in a false way he takes it out or let's leave it
there he took it out and made
a bestial comment that also none of us I think I think
none of us said it in the
same way yesterday okay you know
yesterday we were talking about a
Caracas twitterer who made a
complete fool of herself by publishing a
photograph well to start with the rudeness
no but publishing a
photograph of Olga Moreno accompanying the
kid David Flores to the
employment office which will surely be because she has to
sign so that they continue giving her well I
don't know he collects any I think he collects
some payment but I don't know if it's for
unemployment I don't know if it's for some
circumstances I do
n't know if maybe he's going to the
office to send us employment no
because you can also go to the
employment office not unemployed but because he wants to
take all the courses but because
the employment office is for several
things for many things no so what
Olga is doing basically is
accompanying him and helping him not if worrying
about him for his future and so on or what she's
doing now is not a
bad thing it's a good thing okay and there you have
the answer as to why Olga is in the
name of the child's account because
she will be the one in charge of everything the
father you know is in charge of other things and
maybe she is the one who takes care of these
responsibilities like a mother
okay so they have started to criticize and get
alarmed because Olga is accompanying
the child and it's like well but let's
see but if what the woman is doing
is something good they are not there call
Rocío Carrasco to do something no
then what I did say yesterday was
go run running Rocío
Carrasco is going to come look for her child and save him
from the employment office running no and
what I did say was also good
what do you expect her to live off
Rocío's support  carrasco if the
maintenance apparently does not wash away and
because of the sun Rocío Carrasco has
a problem for me
then it turns out that Federico has
spoken about this subject this morning he also
received the tweet with the photograph
and come on, more than a tweet I consider it
a meme because they tell me it's a
parody and I believe it Federico
said the following: I
give one hundred euros to whoever gives me a photo of
Rocío going to look for work at an
employment office and I would have added
Rocío Carrasco here and Fidel accompanying
Fidel or Fidel accompanying her
knowing that he is going to win this bet
what a cheater what a cheater Federico is
making a bet making a
proposal no, he knows that he is going to win it anyway
brutal family brutal comment
by Federico Jiménez Losantos you know
that I love it I applaud him with my
ears thank you very much to all of you who
have reached this part of the video
see you in the next one a hug
family
[Music]